Translation corrections + Minagoroshi consistency (#469)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_018.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210101478", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「おう、望むところだぜ！",

> 			NULL, "\"Yeah, as you wish!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Yeah, just what I was hoping for!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Well~. Actually, it's a long story...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 6, "ps3/s14/06/210600676", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "お姉が一人だと寂しいって泣くので仕方なく…」",

> 			NULL, " If I left Sis all alone, she'd get lonely and cry about it, so I had no choice but to return...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " If I left Sis all alone, she'd get lonely and cry about it, so what else could I do...?\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r夏美ちゃんを挟んでからかう詩音と、ムキになる魅音。夏美ちゃんは懐かしそうに二人を見比べて、おかしそうに笑っていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "夏美ちゃんを挟んでからかう詩音と、ムキになる魅音。夏美ちゃんは懐かしそうに二人を見比べて、おかしそうに笑っていた。",

> 			NULL, "Shion was teasing Mion on one side of Natsumi-chan, and Mion was getting all worked up on the other side. Natsumi-chan let out an amused laugh and seemed to be feeling nostalgic as she watched it play out.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Shion was teasing Mion on one side of Natsumi-chan, and Mion was getting all worked up on the other. Natsumi-chan let out an amused laugh and seemed to be feeling nostalgic as she watched it play out.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/210900089", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…色々な男と付き合ってきたけれど、野心も野性味も私には合わなかった。",
			NULL, "\"...I've dated a lot of guys, but none of them interested me as much as you.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/210900090", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "あなたのような堅くて真面目な人が、一番私にはぴったりの人だった」",

> 			NULL, " I've learned that someone with a personality like yours makes the ideal partner for me.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I've learned that someone with a stern, diligent personality like yours makes the ideal partner for me.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/210900093", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…いよいよなの。",

> 			NULL, "\"...Finally.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...At last.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"...What you're describing is massive-scale narcissism and self-deception.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 8, "ps3/s14/08/210800046", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "僕は監理の立場として、それを容認するわけにはいかない。",

> 			NULL, " As your supervisor, I can't approve this.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " As your supervisor, I can't approve of this.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f6d9a8>鷹野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f6d9a8>Takano</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 9, "ps3/s14/09/210900104", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「雛見沢の研究を３年以内に打ち切れと、一方的に通告されて。",

> 			NULL, "\"I was notified with no room to speak otherwise that all Hinamizawa-related research would be cancelled within three years.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I was notified that all Hinamizawa-related research would be unilaterally cancelled within three years.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
